
[ShutterStock](https://www.shutterstock.com) and [UPrinting](https://www.uprinting.com), dogs playing poker
https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Customized-top-quality-paper-playing-cards_60376348001.html?spm=a2700.7724838.2017115.331.5ac077f4oO1y3r
https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/Cheap-Promotional-Gift-Playing-Cards-Set_62267400202.html?spm=a2700.icbuShop.41413.25.63af2308sAs49E

I. blue deck (american archetype)

A. bad side (black)

("knowledge" = spades)
(ace) military, two shelters in position, both shaky, we'll raid them and take fire, metal gear, fortress
(king) engineering, building
(queen) industry, robotic arm, factory
(jack) medicine
(10) science card, psy op fish as "bots" framework for tasks/items with tagged fish swarm theory
(9) law, licenses, regulations
(8) technology, carbon printer products for structures, vehicles (weapons), batteries, satellites, contrast with natural habits
(7) economics, juxtaposed on television and cars, food/house factory, cars with raw materials, large parts, new material, what survives the plenty of used test?
(6) research, paper is worth its weight in gold, same with information, library
(5) agriculture, organic farm (farmer's market), restaurant, inn with automated check in/out and online booking, food truck, no more rush hour, family signature, (organic, alcohol, weed, meat)
(4) social media, languages, build hardware "fleet", news, use game footage to explain philosophy
(3) entertainment, game "battle" with historical/future events, maps/scenarios, strategy comparison, simulation, classic books, Far Cry simulation, two adversaries and an island (with whales)
(2) artist's booth (with magnifying glass), work for trade, ledger, journal, fashion, style

("business" = clubs)
(ace) bank with vault, evil bankers
(king) urban setting with drones
(queen) meeting must not be fun, but business, 
(jack) business office card with briefcase/agenda
(10) routine/work
(9) store with software with hardware "stamp", holographic displays with touch, home store products as networked appliances with "home site", site “booths” with free visuals
(8) hotel suite
(7) watchmaker (philosophy) in regards to software?
(6) war card with gunmetal consultant, adversaries, fun and games said the officer, we saw your smoke, what have you been doing? having a war or something?
(5) hostel where you work with lockers
(4) riding trains/buses, returning home and sitting on floor with back against wall meditating life, then take shower and do laundry, every now and then go to grocery for food
(3) sports, stay active through hobby and sport
(2) Huff Parker of Dirty Habits, alternate between doing good things and bad things, high epic, Off Track, drugs? smoking... Police vs. shake throwing, stash

B. good side (red)
("house" = hearts)
(ace) study with books/papers, fireplace, fish tank, writing letters, late study of homework and reading, can't sleep? stressed? drink glass of milk, library, Working late with classical music playing, nice chair, midnight snack of milk and apple, think cozy, story, dialogue and song
(king) general store with tonic, elixir, subsidy enjoyment (water, coffee, drink, snack/crackers, spirits, meat, spices) (tea, vitamins, shakes)
...dusty knick-knacks with story, each with its own fate, Good or bad karma included!
(queen) kitchen, slab countertops (though think ahead to "advanced" masonry, like Roman concrete?), natural kitchen, fire pit and brick oven for cooking
...janitor’s cart for portable, cutting board, knife rack, spices, scrap hole, measuring tools, sealed trash/recycling, dish collection, cleaning supplies, onion/potato/vegetable baskets
...Crack eggs, pour cream, slice butter, salt and fresh ground pepper, sprinkle with grated cheese and green onions. Clean the skillet dirties. Heat stove to sizzle bacon. Light fire to brew coffee, ponder the day. Poke fire for last burst of heat. One bite of toast and I'm full. How can this be?
...menu system of either abstract style simple vs. detailed recipe system with examples of cooked beef stew and sparkling juice vs. pizza and coke, measurement/ingredient tags, process tags like divided butter, extra-virgin olive oil
...wine rack and brewery with carbonation (use nitrous oxide, cold water temperature for more carbonation)
...recipes made from exotic vegetables, new renditions of American classics with exotic vegetables (hot sauce), "screen shock" headache powder, need "recipe box", "bite-sized entertainment", bread = money, snacks to feasts
...sharpen knives, salt/oil pans/boards, cleaning spray with vinegar and essential oil
...Tartoogas revival by the beach serving jelly jar drinks
(jack) garage, "smart" work bench with easy publish, household order simulation, "beach" model
(10) shopping, stock trip and recipes for menu
(9) hot springs (bathroom) with coffee and fresh linens, toothbrush, breezeway bathroom/hot springs, easy clean toilet, soaking tubs
(8) living room, old cigar box full of memories
(7) dining room, breakfast (hot), breakfast, lunch, dinner...seafood, American, Asian, Mexican, European, fine dining
(6) yard with picnics (fried chicken, potato salad, bread, cheese, gluten-free brownies, wine, thermos of coffee, blanket, paper plates/napkins, plastic silverware, cups, basket/bag, camera), pets, There once lived a clan of cats, bird vow, Mr. Pibbles, Fluffy's Fortune, Nyah's Island
(5) gym with 2 hr marathon, 4 min mile
(4) reading room with classical books and television? poets can create monsters at will... write blog/social media/book/site
(3) garden with "black gold" (moist, dust top with sawdust/peat to control odor/flies, no meat, grease, dairy, branches/wood chunks, circulate)
...exotic cash crops and herbs (with recipes) (herbs/cat nip garden, peppers, willow, peppermint, gum)
...Insecticide, common household insect fables (Aesop's fables with ordinary animals), train ants to dig holes and pay with sugar
...raised/regular gardens, botany station, alchemy for drinks, tomato tower, potato box, chickens, vinegar vat, green wall
(2) bedroom split between day and night with cozy bed and night cap/water/meds

("adventure" = diamonds)
1. friends, locals with treaties/trade/boundaries, maps of trade, boundaries, resources, unexplored
...On friendship, playing high card, watching old shows and playing chess. We just sit, maybe have a smoke. log polished by restless seats along the top
...brothers hauling rocks up a mountain, each moves on in a different way, let's have a fort, down the hill and across the bridge, a bag would come in handy to, ride wild ponies, went to bed with... and the books, day of swimming/climbing/sailing, if only we could make a radio or a plane or boat, meta materials for cloaking? electric rail gun
...Silver dollars, broken promises, friends in need, words to live by, ultimate sacrifice, the "kings" I pay homage to...
1. diner with crafted snacks and feasts, fridge (online delivery), food truck, online restaurant with "hot" delivery, people eat, discuss specifications (we'll eat first, then go), use paper/plastic products and take-out, go out on weekend, beer and bread, Bilbo's Beer (with the O representing something)
1. resources in elements, weekend outings, expeditions and artifacts (use for survival, need time off), relics
1. exploration, travel/gear/treasure, nomad/forager, geocaching, geotagging, freedom to roam
1. cube house, self-taught artist and fine fryer of perch and bluegill, modular house (use illusions in building design) (reclaimer to make up for waste and excess)
1. island with whales, backpacking with walking/hiking/climbing/camping/biking/driving/sailing/diving/flying, "beach" model
...light to protective clothing, knife, arrow, water, shelter, jeep, bag, journal with pictures, survival gear (travel pack, lead lighter)
...be Mr. Happy and own a mountain, remote (base) outpost, productive exercise
...(distance to) beach island sanctuary as self sustainable living and fort (shelter)
1. wildlife, hawks, (maps and charts) Geocache, treasure? "Daily Paradise"
1. boat trip, life in the sustainable boat cabin, cash allowance, relax, screen vs. paper cycle
1. surviving adventure, quests, enemies, treasure, money, items/tools, princess, coast with Canada and Mexico by 41, "specials"
...coasts, deserts (whiskey, tobacco, horses, guns), forests, mountains
1. towns with abandoned camps, artesian ponds with water coming up from underground springs, weeds along shore with squirrels
...old rafts of pine from woods day and night on lake/river with dogs/racoons and rolling hills, stay in cabins with firewood/rocket stoves eating corn bread/fish
1. enters a bar, orders hamburger and beer, and pays with two gold coins.
1. climbed the mountain, there's food and drink, rocks, blue flowers, conch, we can have a good time on this island, held out his hand for the conch, food, bathing water, little stream
1. downtowns with bus (931 to Cascadia to 522), museums, exhibits, shows, You need to have ONE hobby, like watching trains.

(jokers)
1. madness, confusion, details, so many goddamn details, lying in bed, messy bedroom, unshowered/unshaved, cigarette, small wooden desk in corner, scattered thoughts like papers, try to grab as many as you can
1. forget something and go back to get it, you're going off course into dead time where you see things you normally wouldn't, things as they are without you there

"needs and concerns", "middle-class comfort", "household order", "writer's block", Box Apprentice, "aged manuscript", "glass cube", "box", State "status" and Process in Non-Death Scenario, freedom to roam, victory gin

I. red deck (personal tactician)
A. bad side (black)
("strategy" = spades)
(ace) Roman deity Janus, double faced looking both at the future and past at once, careful planning, be prepared, research vs. jump in
(king) clean the table/prepare the plan/chart the course/execute actions
(queen) 1 year to 5 year vision, people try to control time by owning numerous clocks, alter time fast/slow... "drops of time", apply stop time, cut short infinite time tasks (fixed vs. relative time)
(jack) utilitarianism, dark tower as mountain top? something to waste away on
(10) expand territory (something new)
(9) build a core, Cornerstone and water, food ...$ (bonds)
(8) 100% moves (all or nothing) (can't fail), deliverables
(7) aim for the supports, aim high
(6) The purpose of maneuver warfare is to defeat the enemy by disrupting his ability to react, rather than by physical destruction of forces.
...Maneuver warfare can be thought as military judo, where one defeats a greater opponent without the use of brute force.  To a Marine, nothing is more important than combat.
...The idea behind conventional offensive warfare is simple: by attacking the other side first, hitting its points of vulnerability, and seizing the initiative and never letting it go, you create your own circumstances. thinking in terms of a campaign, not individual battles. It also means knowing the strengths and weaknesses of the other side, so you can calibrate your strikes to its vulnerabilities. The more detailed your planning, the more confident you will feel as you go into battle, and the easier it will be to stay on course once inevitable problems arise. In the attack though, you must strike with spirit and audacity that you put your enemy on its heels, giving yourself irreversible momentum.
(5) realistic expectation, Realistic versus alternative scenarios, (ideal) vs. (realistic) plans, Comparing worst and best case options, survival (worst case scenario)
(4) maintain control, move all things forward (make the rounds)
(3) focus on salvage (90% rule) vs. loose ends (10% rule)
(2) play the day (each day is a test), build and spread the happy

("tactics" = clubs)
(ace) Comfort and Discomfort (understand and counteract cycles to increase momentum), live modest yet comfortable
...Pavlov's Dogs, ringing bell associated with feeding (causes saliva), can be used to associate good things and dissociate bad things
...lower activation energy of habits you want, raise for habits you don't want (programming access in 5 seconds as opposed to 30 seconds)
...Comfort (bed, couch, food, drink, heat/cool, locations, shower, no deadlines, fun projects, vacation, weekends, entertainment, shopping/new things, family, research, planning, organization, drugs)
...Discomfort (desk, basement, outside, work, waking up, bills, exercise, chores, abstinence, homework, boy's activities, social, worn clothes, no shelter, no security, no common/advanced skills, immorality, sickness)
...comfort things need to be lessened, discomfort increased if goal is to be stronger?
...Example, what am I doing? Lying on the couch, identified as a strong comfort, what do I want to do? Get up and work, so if continue relaxing it leads to wash to nightcap to bed or tonic to game, etc., so if want to work find new item to table to assess to desk, etc.
(king) prioritize vs. random universe
(queen) storyboard tasks/events, combine tasks, think feats and objectives, Keep your tasks simple, concise, and prioritized. 
(jack) run/hide/fight, be fluid and exhibit formlessness (constant motion), healthy fear
(10) launch (80 hour weekend, hell week)
(9) build meditation zones, Must begin to observe the basic structures of things without being overwhelmed by all the details.
(8) motivation, “riding high” vs. tiredness/bored monotony/overwhelmed, energy is key  
(7) reward system, treasure chests
...feasts, media, tools and supplies, lessons (history, philosophy, language), sessions (code, write, naps with dream, vacations)
(6) know your enemy, use other's energy to boost your own (use names more) (gain knowledge)
(5) use deception to your advantage... Bernie Sanders advertisement in car (looks poor so no one steals), Use the past/present/true/false matrix as lie detector
(4) start early, observations...perspectives (themes)
(3) 10 minute motivator/10 minute start, go from there
(2) prevent stagnation, avoid being overwhelmed, ease into things |use music (wake up), quotes, food (morning feast), rewards to generate new ideas |Think of your reputation and status| shock yourself (walk or break)|flip your mind to the task at hand.  clear your mind, imagine a switch that you must simply flip on to begin the task, and then flip the switch|learn a quick in-depth tidbit of knowledge or new technique|start again, tomorrow.

A. good side (red)

(ace) 
(king) 
(queen) 
(jack) 
(10) 
(9) 
(8) 
(7) 
(6) 
(5) 
(4) 
(3) 
(2) 

("philosophy" = hearts)
1. playbook, Game Plan (everything is a game with win/lose/draw and rewards/consequences)
1. Zimbardo's Prison (social positions like prisoner/guard strip people of individuality and allow them to commit extreme acts, think king vs. worker scenarios)
1. Maslow’s hierarchy of needs (build/view pyramid as tasks completed)
...physiological needs, survival (air, water, food, clothing, shelter, sex)
...safety needs, predictable and orderly world (personal security, financial security, health/well-being, safety net against accidents/illness)
...love and belonging, Social feelings of belongingness (friendship, intimacy, family)
...esteem, to be accepted and valued by others (professional recognition, valued hobby)
...= self-actualization, full potential and realizing that potential (varied specific needs)
1. Big Picture (Object/World representation of projects and amount completed grouped by priority), projects laid out as paths
1. Daily Campaign (follow objectives and have 'battles' throughout the day)
...Have a before phase where user's plan their tasks and assign time estimates, then an attack phase where they complete tasks with option of a time limit, and finally an after phase where they can review and assess the battle.
1. Boost Motivation button during attack phase to provide inspirational quotes
1. Ranking system based on battle performance
1. Choose project(s) needed to accomplish, choose action log slots based on time available, then a campaign is generated that you must complete. Use aim for the supports, quests for 1. 1. battle and treasure, expand territory with daily expansion, have a personal empire
1. Metrics (wake, work, food, sleep, spending, exercise, free time)
1. Competitive Versus Cooperation Mythology
...two societies, one of ruthless aggression, individuality, greed, no mercy or compassion, another of community and sharing, passivity, giving
1. Greek has two distinct principles, Chronos and Kairos. The former refers to numeric, or chronological, time. The latter, literally "the right or opportune moment", relates specifically to metaphysical or Divine time. In theology, Kairos is qualitative, as opposed to quantitative.

Knowing the ins and outs of any one large thing isn't going to mean anything, you need strict ownership and empowerment of even the smallest.
Keep in mind private interests are staggering, security is in high demand. Only strategic value lies in time to develop, produce, etc.
stated tasks vs. scheduled tasks (with raid vs. establishment)
prisoner's dilemma
(map unfamiliar territory, go far away, will lose if not prepared)(plan next move)
daily battle/survival
analogy of tortoise and the hare scenario
briefing/agenda virtual assistant will go to sleep, use AI formulations, use mechanical turk to solve computationally intensive problems by having users play a game, automation
emphasize Action vs. Strategy and Plan vs. Execution
Stress is thinking about what worries you in a repeated cycles. This feedback loop must be broken.
...must begin to observe the basic structures of things without being overwhelmed by all the details.
“to-do” guy in scripts, script the events of each day ahead of time
Project Problem Plan
...Enjoy current work flow (embrace Halo Group and Habits overview) - AND - Create easier work flow (embrace Box Apprentice plan)
Actions are graded on a moral basis.every move is a judgement. Good versus evil, fatalistic?
truth quadrant, people quadrant
…models environment of cooperative and competitive agents that utilizes contingency planning to find optimal plan of action
Ease of life as... Carefree Carouser (The Good Life) enjoyment of the entirety -or- Methodical Madman both for Making life easier, Keeping things simple
small vs. big is the answer...  permanancy is the reward...
rewards, learn something new about a thing or about your day, read and write regularly
create avatar giving your status, habits, problems then advise, lost set of keys, with someone looking
reports/graphs such as First Things First, Progress Indicator, Territory Map
...items to sacrifice vs. daily gains
story structure as character versus nature (as environment, god, supernatural) or versus character (as person, people, machine, self)
"cumbersome", "read", "meditate" workflow
12 Labors, He was an average man. 
days of week schedule?
people vs. contrast
Laws of Governance [order]:
...1. Self, people, ability to empower [spec] - "power"
...2. Task, item, supply, transport [build] - "raid"
...3. Cash, papers, home/market, utility/subsidy [resource] - "establishment"
...4. Desert mentality, sustainable boat cabin [relic] - "world citizenship"

("routine" = diamonds)
(ace) "wake", "cozy den", "Awake to music or radio (and natural light). Make bed and drink coffee.", "risk": "wake up late|soda; can't get up|Zelda"
(king) "exercise", "training", "Change clothes and run routine. Put on some music. Do chores and open shop.", "risk: "not prepared|basic exercise"
(queen) "shower", "hot springs", "Make way to bathroom. Use tools, trim hair and nails. Have invigorating wash in shower. Run through hygienic routine."
(jack) "dress", "clean linens", "Dress/style in pressed clothes complete with polished shoes. Equip accessories. A jacket and bag packed with supplies are ready to go."
(10) "meal", "breakfast", "morning feast", "Prepare breakfast in kitchen (or diet). Take vitamins and eat in dining room."|"lunch", "movable snack", "Regain strength by taking break.  Review projects, run errands, and exploring the environment." | "dinner", "rest and reflection", "Prepare new and old recipes of complete meals and eat together in a clean dining room."
(9) "agenda", "maps and charts", "In study, check agenda, print daily plan. Phone on-call." | "media", "current affairs", "Check news and areas of interest. Expand world view."
(8) "commute", "dawn drive", "Take drive to work and listen to news and books, or inspirational track of music.  Take notes via voice. Note the environment. Admire engineering." | "dusk drive", "Consume information via news and books; get inspired or relax with music.  Run routine errands and take notes via voice. Enjoy the environment. Improve engineering." },
(7)  "work", "title": "forward progress", "Further projects, expand briefcase, perform administration, study company, and learn new technique.  Focus on solid accomplishments. Expand territory. Major changes.", "risk": "overwhelmed|simple task; everything goes wrong|take hold and finish" | "work two", "entrench and assess", "Complete project work, perform additional administrative tasks, assess your work as well as the company’s, and implement new techniques. Expand your territory.", "risk": "tiredness|energy drink; nothing getting done|call it and salvage"
(6) "clean and chores and errands", "family business", "list": "food plan (strength, intellect, speed) with structured dinners", "Wash dishes and clean house. Trash and recycling is managed and work clothes are changed. Maintain household order."
(5) "family and friends", "community", "Play with Adam and Noah and Kate, read various books, and watch fun programming. All this is done in a clean bath and living room.", "list": "water and vitamins and reading and homework and writing",
(4) "personal", "managing the empire", "Work on projects and enterprises, refine technique, preparation and planning, and enjoyment of media. Keep journal and work in a clean study. Keep track of earned and spent monies. Refine your strategy and simplify. Email caught up and bills paid. Minor changes."
(3) "relax", "rest and recreation", "Enjoy media or hobby, or bedside reading/reflection, journal. Sit and enjoy the fire."
(2) "sleep", "rest and solace", "Wash up, a night cap is consumed (end of week), medicine is taken as necessary, and sleep is taken in a clean bedroom."

(jokers)
1. Damn, he muttered checking the time. It was 7:13 and he'd already forgotten anything memorable from his dreams just now. Already thoughts of work were encroaching upon his mind. He got ready for work and checked the time, already late. Damn, he said again. And so it was. 

Strife, a Lesson in Adversarial Search (plan ahead in a world where other agents are planning against us or conflict), The Rules of Engagement – The Formation Game, the "Commodore", Chart A Course, Short Sighted, Current State, busy hands are happy hands, Put on your working foot, gunmetal plan "consultant", virtual history, Need to defeat my colossi, "little man" that walks around and fixes things, perfection or be gone!, "clean as you go", "tacit understanding", "overinflated bloat", "pure primalcy", "armchair centrism", Path Awaits, catch the millennium to save myself, "chart a course" through day-to-day activities, Idea Hut, "only absolute is the day | remarkable routine | days are easy to build and modify | script your day", Silo (missile/physics simulator), Glassner

technology vs. old habits

servers(huts/houses/harbors), networks(lighthouse), clients (captains/pirates), devices (ships) - (with map):
...maintain the Fleet, Harbor, Lighthouse, Triton
...pirate names include Barbarossa, Drake, Morgan, Every, Bainbridge
...captain names like Magellan, Cook, Perry, Noah, Kane
...other names like Ocean, Transport, Recon